Remove version as issue still exists (#128)
k3s-io/docs: docs/installation/network-options.md

:::caution Known Issue 

> Kubernetes includes [an issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/111695) that ignores the node IPv6 addresses if you have a dual-stack environment and you are not using the primary network interface for cluster traffic. To avoid this bug, add the following flag to both K3s servers and agents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes [Issue #111695](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/) causes the Kubelet to ignore the node IPv6 addresses if you have a dual-stack environment and you are not using the primary network interface for cluster traffic. To avoid this bug, add the following flag to both K3s servers and agents:
```
